Add agent framework/throttling/hidden model/OS assistant and update conversational search documentation (#6354)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/memory-apis/get-message.md

---
layout: default
title: Get message
parent: Memory APIs
grand_parent: ML Commons APIs
nav_order: 50
---

# Get message
**Introduced 2.12**
{: .label .label-purple }

> Retrieves message information for [conversational search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/conversational-search/). 

Author: ```suggestion
Use this API to retrieve message information for [conversational search]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/conversational-search/). 
```
